241
###
:date: 2011-07-09 04:24
:author: skierpage
:email: info@skierpage.com
:status: published

Have you thought of distributing a version of Instantbird without the Mozilla runtime? It would be a smaller download, it can share the Mozilla toolkit that every Firefox user already has on-disk and probably in-memory, it would get Firefox enhancements to core code. I like browser-like apps and the Mozilla toolkit (for all the reasons you mention and more), but I don't want to run and update another copy of it. I can imagine the effort it would take to keep up with the development pace of Firefox, but with Mozilla's increasing emphasis on Firefox, everything else is falling by the wayside anyway.

I think Ubuntu 11.04 ships Instantbird as a XULRunner package, which is good, but it only delays the problem of keeping up with the relentless Firefox tempo. Even though I've got multiple Firefox, Thunderbird, and SeaMonkey versions installed, I didn't have a system xulrunner package until I installed Instantbird, so there's no sharing.

I'm not suggesting turning Instantbird into a Firefox add-on, I want it as a separate app independent of the browser using the -app trick to reuse the Firefox runtime. I tried this, \`/path/to/firefox/firefox -app /path/to/instantbird/application.ini`, and found that after adjusting MaxVersion, Ubuntu's 64-bit instantbird package works (or "doesn't immediately crash" ;-) ) sharing Ubuntu's Firefox5 package! FWIW, running instantbird with Firefox Nightly, it fails with "Description: XPCOM registration of the purplexpcom component failed."

Good luck keeping up with the runaway Firefox train.
