:date: 2011-07-13 14:39
:author: Florian
:replyto: 0

**@skierpage**: While it would technically be possible to use the firefox.exe binary with the -app flag, we would gain almost nothing and it would be a sure way to get in trouble at each Firefox update.

**@(anonymous)[1]**: Instantbird already has popup notifications for new messages, it's the "notify of messages received in inactive windows" checkbox in the General tab of the preference window.

**@(anonymous)[2]**: I agree that it's way too long for a marketing document. I wrote it this way to give an answer to the people who genuinely wanted an answer to that question, which isn't an easy one at all.

**@foxmask**: I would like to release Instantbird for Android someday. To be honest, at this point having some of the existing developers spend their time on an Android version would slow down too much the development of the desktop version, so it will have to wait for us to grow a bit more. By the way, if someone is interested in porting Instantbird to Android, we are definitely willing to help ;).

**@(anonymous)[3]**: JetPack is just a specific kind of restartless add-ons for Firefox. We aren't supporting JetPack add-ons. See the Mozilla documentation on `bootstrapped extensions <https://developer.mozilla.org/en/Extensions/Bootstrapped_extensions%22>`__ for more details.

**@(anonymous)[4] + others expressing love and enthusiasm for our work**: Thanks for your kind words. We really appreciate them! Don't hesitate to share Instantbird with your friends! :)
